Matts moves (#2219)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/cloud-build-and-view-your-docs.md

> ## Easy access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Provide access
```

> See [Building and Configuring Artifacts](artifacts) for more information on exposing links to the latest Documentation and Source Freshness reports to your team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before the documentation can be generated, you need to select the job to create the artifacts.  Read more in [Building and Configuring Artifacts](artifacts).
```

> ## Viewing docs in the IDE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Viewing docs
```
This section and the one above describe the same thing. Can you combine them under this heading?

> ## Viewing documentation
> Once you have a job set up to generate documentation for your project, then click **Documentation** in the top left. Your project's documentation should open. This link will always navigate you to the most recent version of your project's documentation in dbt Cloud.
<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/98c05c5-Screen_Shot_2019-02-08_at_9.18.22_PM.png" title="Project documentation"/>

> The dbt Cloud IDE makes it possible to view [documentation](/building-a-dbt-project/documentation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dbt Cloud IDE makes it possible to view [documentation](/docs/collaborate/documentation)
```
